Peer-to-peer connection is established using Steam's library GameNetworkingSockets(https://github.com/ValveSoftware/GameNetworkingSockets)

The peer-to-peer connection is simple enough when done between two IPv6 devices, because there are no additional
systems that could interfere with the ability to establish a connection.

IPv4 however is problematic. Due to the limited range of addresses, ISPs using an IPv4 system will use NAT
so that only one IP address is publically available for connection from the external internet. That IP address
points to the router, not any other device that makes up that LAN. This means establishing a connection
between two devices under IPv4 networks using NAT (which almost all of them will) is not straightforward
The only way true peer-to-peer connections can be established is for the true addresses of both devices to
be known so that a direct, uninterrupted connection may be created. So, for cases where NAT blocks such a connection
a technique called ICE is employed. That however, requires some kind of third-party service to perform the NAT traversal.
This could include STUN servers or using a TURN relay network as a last resort.

All of these services count as third-party services, external to the program, which would then become a dependency,
necessary for a user on an IPv4-based network to use multiplayer services in the case of their integration.

This is not acceptable and violates the core principle behind why I am using a peer-to-peer system in the first place.
Specifcally, I am highly opposed to any situation where the continued survival of a game's ability to establish connections with another user
(whether multiplayer or some chat system) is dependant on a single centralised service that may go out at any time or simply be terminated
by the developer(s) themselves. Additionally, I do not have the current capacity to host any always-on service for myself or utilise a paid service.
(Free providers will, by default, be unacceptable because they must make a profit somehow and will therefore operate on a 'user is the product' scheme.
Any violation, especially uninformed, of the privacy of any user of my game is not something that I will allow, ever)

Because of the strict requirement for pure peer-to-peer, that is not reliant on any external fallible system, apart from the users' own machines,
using ICE to establish the connection when faced with an IPv4-based network using NAT is not an appropriate solution

Instead, I will use an approach similar to what Minecraft does, where anyone who wishes to host their own server must make that server's
IP address available for other users to connect to through port forwarding. This requires the host of the server to alter their router settings
so that the specific port which all Minecraft servers use (25565) may recieve incoming requests.

Specifcally, the system for IPv4 networks will be to attempt UPnP first. If that fails, the game will direct the user to set up port forwarding.
UPnP stands for Universal Plug and Play and is a system through which devices in a LAN may directly connect to and discover each other with no user input.
The UPnP system is relevant here because I can use it to request that the router open the required port. If UPnP is either disabled, not present in the LAN, or for any other
reason fails, then port forwarding must be manually set up

IPv6 networks do not have any such problem. If both parties are on a network using IPv6, then peer-to-peer can be established through the IP addresses alone.

NOTE: Game will eventually support a client-server system, where a community-hosted server may be used to relay messages, but
the p2p system will be the only initial option
